feat: Initial commit of CIS module (#349)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis: examples/complete/README.md

# End-to-end example

An end-to-end complete example that will provision the following:
- Create a new resource group if one is not passed in.
- Create a new Cloud Internet Services (CIS) instance.

> - Add domain in CIS.

Reviewer: Perhaps put the values that are used in this example. + some instructions on how to get the example work with real world values.

> An end-to-end complete example that will provision the following:
> - Create a new resource group if one is not passed in.
> - Create a new Cloud Internet Services (CIS) instance.
> - Add domain in CIS.
> - Add DNS records in CIS.
> - Add Global Load Balancer (GLB), list of origins and health checks in CIS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An end-to-end example that provisions the following infrastructure:
- Creates a resource group, if one is not passed in.
- Creates a Cloud Internet Services (CIS) instance.
- Adds a domain to the CIS instance.
- Adds DNS records to the CIS instance.
- Adds a global load balancer, including the origin pools and health checks to the CIS instance.
```

Check whether the last item is accurate. It matches the terminology in the Cloud Docs topic.

Author: Updated.
